English/vstorage/object-storage/object-storage-hcm04/bat-dau-voi-object-storage/README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Object storage

If you have not used any VNG Cloud services (have not registered an account with VNG Cloud), you need to register an account with VNG Cloud Service [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) to access vStorage.

Use this guide to get started with vStorage. You will learn how to create a project, connect 3rd party software to vStorage, and use 3rd party software to implement features in the project you just created. The steps include:

* [Step 1: Create a project](../../vstorage-hcm03/getting-started-with-vstorage/step-1-create-a-project.md)
* [Step 2: Create a bucket](step-2-create-a-bucket.md)
* [Step 3: Upload/ Download objects](step-3-upload-download-objects.md)
* [Step 4: Create a S3 key](buoc-2-khoi-tao-s3-key.md)
* [Step 5: Integrate 3rd party softwares with vStorage](buoc-2-ket-noi-3rd-party-softwares-voi-vstorage.md)
* [Step 6: Use 3rd party softwares to action on vStorage](buoc-3-su-dung-3rd-party-softwares-de-thuc-hien-cac-tinh-nang-tren-vstorage.md)

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vstorage/object-storage/object-storage-hcm04/bat-dau-voi-object-storage/README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Object storage

If you have not used any GreenNode services (have not registered an account with GreenNode), you need to register an account with GreenNode Service [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) to access vStorage.

Use this guide to get started with vStorage. You will learn how to create a project, connect 3rd party software to vStorage, and use 3rd party software to implement features in the project you just created. The steps include:

* [Step 1: Create a project](../../vstorage-hcm03/getting-started-with-vstorage/step-1-create-a-project.md)
* [Step 2: Create a bucket](step-2-create-a-bucket.md)
* [Step 3: Upload/ Download objects](step-3-upload-download-objects.md)
* [Step 4: Create a S3 key](buoc-2-khoi-tao-s3-key.md)
* [Step 5: Integrate 3rd party softwares with vStorage](buoc-2-ket-noi-3rd-party-softwares-voi-vstorage.md)
* [Step 6: Use 3rd party softwares to action on vStorage](buoc-3-su-dung-3rd-party-softwares-de-thuc-hien-cac-tinh-nang-tren-vstorage.md)
