English/vmonitor-platform/cach-tinh-nang-cua-vmonitor-platform/metrics/lam-viec-voi-metric-quota.md, before:

# Work with Metric Quota

### Overview

A Metric quota is a term on the vMonitor Platform that represents a monitoring package of Metrics with a specific number of Resources and storage duration that you purchase on VNG Cloud. At any given time, you can own a Metric quota and use it to analyze data from your system.

***

### Initializing Metric quota

To initialize a Metric quota, follow the steps below:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select **Quota & Usage**.
3. Choose **Buy metric quota**.
4. Select the Class you need. We offer two classes: Basic and Pro.
5.  If you choose the **Basic** class, you will not be able to customize the package configuration.

    If you choose the **Pro** class, you can select the desired number of hosts by dragging and dropping or entering the number of resources you want in the **Number of resources** field. For more detailed information about the classes, see [Metric Quota Class](../../vmonitor-platform-la-gi/vmonitor-platform-metric-la-gi/metric-quota-class.md).
6. Select **Buy Metric Quota**.
7. Choose **the Cycle** if you are a prepaid user. We offer prepaid cycles including 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, and 36 months.
8. Select **Continue**.
9. Follow the steps to check out and, after successful payment, the **Metric quota** will be initialized.

<mark style="color:red;">At any given time, you can only own one metric quota package. If this package does not meet your needs, please follow our instructions to</mark> <mark style="color:red;"></mark><mark style="color:red;">**extend the Metric quota**</mark> <mark style="color:red;"></mark><mark style="color:red;">or</mark> <mark style="color:red;"></mark><mark style="color:red;">**adjust the Metric quota limits**</mark><mark style="color:red;">.</mark>&#x20;

The cost calculation for each metric quota package is publicly available on the VNG Cloud homepage. Please refer to [Pricing](../../cach-tinh-phi.md) for more details.

***

### Viewing Metric quota Information

After you initialize a Metric quota, you can view the details of the Metric quota package you have created by following these steps:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. The system will display the information of the initialized **Metric quota** package and the actual **Usage** you are using for that Metric quota package. You can extend the package within 7 days before the expiration date of the Metric quota package or increase the quota limit by selecting **Extend** or **Increase quota limit**.

***

### Renewing a Metric Quota

To renew a Metric quota, you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. In the current Metric quota package, select the icon ![](<../../../.gitbook/assets/image (107).png>) and then choose **Renew**.
5. Select **Renew**.
6. Choose the desired renewal period in the **Period** column. When you select the period, the system will automatically calculate the effective time of the new usage cycle and the total amount you need to pay for the renewal of the **Metric quota** package.
7. Select **Continue** and proceed with the **checkout** steps. After successful **payment**, the **Metric quota** will be renewed.

The cost calculation for renewing each Metric quota package is publicly available on the VNG Cloud homepage. Please refer to [Pricing ](../../cach-tinh-phi.md)for more details.

***

### Increasing or Decreasing Metric Quota Limits

To **increase the limit** of a **Metric quota**, you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. In the current Metric quota package, select the icon ![](http://docs.vngcloud.vn/download/thumbnails/49650622/image2024-2-28\_22-39-59.png?version=1\&modificationDate=1709134800646\&api=v2)and then choose **Resize**.
5. Choose the new **Metric quota class** you want to upgrade to. If your Metric quota package is currently in the Basic class, you can upgrade it to the Pro class. If your Metric quota package is already in the Pro class, you can upgrade it to a higher configuration within the same class.
6. Select **Resize**.
7. Select **Continue** and proceed with the **checkout** steps. After successful payment, the **Metric quota** will have its limit increased.

The cost calculation for increasing the limit of each Metric quota package is publicly available on the VNG Cloud homepage. Please refer to [Pricing ](../../cach-tinh-phi.md)for more details.

***

### Deleting a Metric Quota

You have created an initial Metric quota that suits your needs. However, if your business requirements have changed and you no longer need the created Metric quota package, we encourage you to delete it to optimize costs.

To **delete** a **Metric quota**, you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. In the current Metric quota package, select **Delete**.
5. On the Metric quota deletion confirmation screen, select **Delete**.

After you delete the Metric quota package, it will disappear from your list of Metric quota packages. If your resources still have remaining usage time, we will refund the unused balance to your credit wallet. For detailed information on how vMonitor Platform calculates resource refund fees, please refer to [Pricing](../../../vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/pricing.md).

<mark style="color:red;">Since deleting a Metric quota carries risks (resources cannot be restored after deletion), we advise you to carefully consider before proceeding with the deletion.</mark>

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vmonitor-platform/cach-tinh-nang-cua-vmonitor-platform/metrics/lam-viec-voi-metric-quota.md, after:

# Work with Metric Quota

### Overview

A Metric quota is a term on the vMonitor Platform that represents a monitoring package of Metrics with a specific number of Resources and storage duration that you purchase on GreenNode. At any given time, you can own a Metric quota and use it to analyze data from your system.

***

### Initializing Metric quota

To initialize a Metric quota, follow the steps below:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select **Quota & Usage**.
3. Choose **Buy metric quota**.
4. Select the Class you need. We offer two classes: Basic and Pro.
5.  If you choose the **Basic** class, you will not be able to customize the package configuration.

    If you choose the **Pro** class, you can select the desired number of hosts by dragging and dropping or entering the number of resources you want in the **Number of resources** field. For more detailed information about the classes, see [Metric Quota Class](../../vmonitor-platform-la-gi/vmonitor-platform-metric-la-gi/metric-quota-class.md).
6. Select **Buy Metric Quota**.
7. Choose **the Cycle** if you are a prepaid user. We offer prepaid cycles including 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, and 36 months.
8. Select **Continue**.
9. Follow the steps to check out and, after successful payment, the **Metric quota** will be initialized.

<mark style="color:red;">At any given time, you can only own one metric quota package. If this package does not meet your needs, please follow our instructions to</mark> <mark style="color:red;"></mark><mark style="color:red;">**extend the Metric quota**</mark> <mark style="color:red;"></mark><mark style="color:red;">or</mark> <mark style="color:red;"></mark><mark style="color:red;">**adjust the Metric quota limits**</mark><mark style="color:red;">.</mark>&#x20;

The cost calculation for each metric quota package is publicly available on the GreenNode homepage. Please refer to [Pricing](../../cach-tinh-phi.md) for more details.

***

### Viewing Metric quota Information

After you initialize a Metric quota, you can view the details of the Metric quota package you have created by following these steps:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. The system will display the information of the initialized **Metric quota** package and the actual **Usage** you are using for that Metric quota package. You can extend the package within 7 days before the expiration date of the Metric quota package or increase the quota limit by selecting **Extend** or **Increase quota limit**.

***

### Renewing a Metric Quota

To renew a Metric quota, you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. In the current Metric quota package, select the icon ![](<../../../.gitbook/assets/image (107).png>) and then choose **Renew**.
5. Select **Renew**.
6. Choose the desired renewal period in the **Period** column. When you select the period, the system will automatically calculate the effective time of the new usage cycle and the total amount you need to pay for the renewal of the **Metric quota** package.
7. Select **Continue** and proceed with the **checkout** steps. After successful **payment**, the **Metric quota** will be renewed.

The cost calculation for renewing each Metric quota package is publicly available on the GreenNode homepage. Please refer to [Pricing ](../../cach-tinh-phi.md)for more details.

***

### Increasing or Decreasing Metric Quota Limits

To **increase the limit** of a **Metric quota**, you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. In the current Metric quota package, select the icon ![](http://docs.vngcloud.vn/download/thumbnails/49650622/image2024-2-28\_22-39-59.png?version=1\&modificationDate=1709134800646\&api=v2)and then choose **Resize**.
5. Choose the new **Metric quota class** you want to upgrade to. If your Metric quota package is currently in the Basic class, you can upgrade it to the Pro class. If your Metric quota package is already in the Pro class, you can upgrade it to a higher configuration within the same class.
6. Select **Resize**.
7. Select **Continue** and proceed with the **checkout** steps. After successful payment, the **Metric quota** will have its limit increased.

The cost calculation for increasing the limit of each Metric quota package is publicly available on the GreenNode homepage. Please refer to [Pricing ](../../cach-tinh-phi.md)for more details.

***

### Deleting a Metric Quota

You have created an initial Metric quota that suits your needs. However, if your business requirements have changed and you no longer need the created Metric quota package, we encourage you to delete it to optimize costs.

To **delete** a **Metric quota**, you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor). If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).
2. Select the **Quota & Usage** folder.
3. Choose the **Metric** section.
4. In the current Metric quota package, select **Delete**.
5. On the Metric quota deletion confirmation screen, select **Delete**.

After you delete the Metric quota package, it will disappear from your list of Metric quota packages. If your resources still have remaining usage time, we will refund the unused balance to your credit wallet. For detailed information on how vMonitor Platform calculates resource refund fees, please refer to [Pricing](../../../vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/pricing.md).

<mark style="color:red;">Since deleting a Metric quota carries risks (resources cannot be restored after deletion), we advise you to carefully consider before proceeding with the deletion.</mark>
