English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vpc/bandwidth/billing-method.md, before:

# Payment Methods

## Payment methods

This guide will help you understand the different bandwidth packages offered by VNG Cloud, including pricing, features, and performance characteristics. Follow this guide to choose the bandwidth package that best suits your needs.

### Overview of Service Packages

Bandwidth packages are designed to meet different needs in terms of speed, data transfer limits, and cost. These packages range from basic options for small-scale applications to high-performance packages suitable for large enterprises.

| Package               | Calculate Price | Created by | Quantity | Payment Timing (Prepaid) | Payment Timing (Postpaid) |
| --------------------- | --------------- | ---------- | -------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| **Share**             | Miễn Phí        | VNG Cloud  | 1        | Miễn phí                 | Miễn phí                  |
| **VNG Dedicated**     | Miễn Phí        | VNG Cloud  | 1        | Miễn phí                 | Miễn phí                  |
| **Pay As You Go All** | Theo GB         | VNG Cloud  | 1        | Cuối kỳ đối soát         | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |
| **Pay As You Go Dom** | Theo GB         | VNG Cloud  | 1        | Cuối kỳ đối soát         | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |
| **Pay As You Go Int** | Theo GB         | VNG Cloud  | 1        | Cuối kỳ đối soát         | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |
| **Dedicated**         | Theo Gói        | Người dùng | Nhiều    | Tại thời điểm mua        | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |

### Pay As You Go Package <a href="#cac-goi-pay-as-you-go" id="cac-goi-pay-as-you-go"></a>

Currently, VNG Cloud supports prepaid users with Pay-as-you-go bandwidth packages through a credit hold. To learn more about credit hold and how it applies to Pay-as-you-go bandwidth packages, please visit [here](https://app.gitbook.com/s/B0NrrrdJdpYOYzRkbWp5/quan-ly-hoa-don-chi-phi-and-tai-nguyen-tren-vng-cloud/trai-nghiem-billing-and-kenh-thanh-toan/ve-billing-and-payment/thanh-toan/tam-giu-credit). ​​

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vpc/bandwidth/billing-method.md, after:

# Payment Methods

## Payment methods

This guide will help you understand the different bandwidth packages offered by GreenNode, including pricing, features, and performance characteristics. Follow this guide to choose the bandwidth package that best suits your needs.

### Overview of Service Packages

Bandwidth packages are designed to meet different needs in terms of speed, data transfer limits, and cost. These packages range from basic options for small-scale applications to high-performance packages suitable for large enterprises.

| Package               | Calculate Price | Created by | Quantity | Payment Timing (Prepaid) | Payment Timing (Postpaid) |
| --------------------- | --------------- | ---------- | -------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| **Share**             | Miễn Phí        | GreenNode  | 1        | Miễn phí                 | Miễn phí                  |
| **VNG Dedicated**     | Miễn Phí        | GreenNode  | 1        | Miễn phí                 | Miễn phí                  |
| **Pay As You Go All** | Theo GB         | GreenNode  | 1        | Cuối kỳ đối soát         | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |
| **Pay As You Go Dom** | Theo GB         | GreenNode  | 1        | Cuối kỳ đối soát         | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |
| **Pay As You Go Int** | Theo GB         | GreenNode  | 1        | Cuối kỳ đối soát         | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |
| **Dedicated**         | Theo Gói        | Người dùng | Nhiều    | Tại thời điểm mua        | Cuối kỳ đối soát          |

### Pay As You Go Package <a href="#cac-goi-pay-as-you-go" id="cac-goi-pay-as-you-go"></a>

Currently, GreenNode supports prepaid users with Pay-as-you-go bandwidth packages through a credit hold. To learn more about credit hold and how it applies to Pay-as-you-go bandwidth packages, please visit [here](https://app.gitbook.com/s/B0NrrrdJdpYOYzRkbWp5/quan-ly-hoa-don-chi-phi-and-tai-nguyen-tren-vng-cloud/trai-nghiem-billing-and-kenh-thanh-toan/ve-billing-and-payment/thanh-toan/tam-giu-credit). ​​
