English/vstorage/object-storage/vstorage-hcm03/identity-and-access-management/managing-vstorage-access-account/root-user-account.md, before:

# Root User Account

#### Overview <a href="#rootuseraccount-overview" id="rootuseraccount-overview"></a>

The Root User Account is the account that users initiate on their first day of accessing and using services on VNG Cloud. The Root User Account has full access rights to all user services and resources. When creating a VNG Cloud account, you begin with a superuser identity with access to all VNG Cloud services and resources within the account. This identity is called the Root User Account and is accessed by logging in with the email address and password used to create the account. We encourage you not to use the Root User Account for your daily tasks and only use it for operations that require the unique capabilities of the Root User Account.

***

#### Create a Root User Account <a href="#rootuseraccount-createarootuseraccount" id="rootuseraccount-createarootuseraccount"></a>

To initialize the Root User Account, please register an account at the registration page: [https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup]\(https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup\)).

After initializing the Root User Account, gather the following information to access and work with resources using the Root User Account:

* The email address used to create the Root User Account.
* The password for the Root User Account.

To log in using vStorage with the Root User Account, please refer to the [Access Permissions and Working Through Root User Account](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/display/VSEN/Access+Permissions+and+Working+Through+Root+User+Account).

***

#### Terminate the Root User Account <a href="#rootuseraccount-terminatetherootuseraccount" id="rootuseraccount-terminatetherootuseraccount"></a>

To terminate the Root account, you need to contact us by creating a ticket requesting account termination. For details, refer to the [Hướng dẫn hủy tài khoản](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=22938103).

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vstorage/object-storage/vstorage-hcm03/identity-and-access-management/managing-vstorage-access-account/root-user-account.md, after:

# Root User Account

#### Overview <a href="#rootuseraccount-overview" id="rootuseraccount-overview"></a>

The Root User Account is the account that users initiate on their first day of accessing and using services on GreenNode. The Root User Account has full access rights to all user services and resources. When creating a GreenNode account, you begin with a superuser identity with access to all GreenNode services and resources within the account. This identity is called the Root User Account and is accessed by logging in with the email address and password used to create the account. We encourage you not to use the Root User Account for your daily tasks and only use it for operations that require the unique capabilities of the Root User Account.

***

#### Create a Root User Account <a href="#rootuseraccount-createarootuseraccount" id="rootuseraccount-createarootuseraccount"></a>

To initialize the Root User Account, please register an account at the registration page: [https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup]\(https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup\)).

After initializing the Root User Account, gather the following information to access and work with resources using the Root User Account:

* The email address used to create the Root User Account.
* The password for the Root User Account.

To log in using vStorage with the Root User Account, please refer to the [Access Permissions and Working Through Root User Account](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/display/VSEN/Access+Permissions+and+Working+Through+Root+User+Account).

***

#### Terminate the Root User Account <a href="#rootuseraccount-terminatetherootuseraccount" id="rootuseraccount-terminatetherootuseraccount"></a>

To terminate the Root account, you need to contact us by creating a ticket requesting account termination. For details, refer to the [Hướng dẫn hủy tài khoản](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=22938103).
