English/vmonitor-platform/cach-tinh-nang-cua-vmonitor-platform/notification/lam-viec-voi-sms-notification-quota.md, before:

# Working with SMS Notification Quota

### Overview

An SMS Notification quota is a term on the vMonitor Platform representing a package of notifications via text messages with a specific number of messages that you purchase on VNG Cloud. At any given time, you can only own one SMS Notification quota and use it to send notifications according to your needs.

***

### Create an SMS Notification Quota

To initialize an SMS Notification Quota, follow the instructions below:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select **Quota & Usage**.
3. Select **Buy SMS notification quota.**
4. Select **SMS packages** that meet your needs.
5. Select **Buy SMS notification quota.**
6. Select the desired **Period**. Currently, we offer you the following subscription periods: 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months.
7. Enter the **Coupon** if available and select **Apply**
8. Select **Continue** and proceed with the **Payment** steps for the cart. After successful payment, the **SMS notification quota** will be initialized.
9. For each VNG Cloud account, you can create **one SMS notification quota package** and use it according to the cycle you have chosen. Seven days before the expiration of this SMS notification quota package, you can renew and continue using it with the next renewal cycle. Additionally, during the package usage period, you can also increase the package usage limit as guided below. The cost calculation for each SMS notification quota package is publicly available on the VNG Cloud homepage, see Cost Calculation.

***

### View SMS Notification Quota Information

After you initialize the SMS Notification Quota, you can view the information of the SMS Notification Quota package you just created by:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. The system displays information about the **SMS notification quota** package that has been initialized and the actual **Usage** of the **SMS notification quota** package that you are using.

***

### Renew SMS Notification Quota

You have created an SMS notification quota with a short-term usage cycle. Currently, your monitoring needs have changed, and you want to extend the usage cycle of this notification package. To address this issue, you can change the storage cycle through the **renew** feature that we provide.

To **renew** an **SMS Notification Quota**, you can:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. In the SMS notification quota package you are using, select **Renew.**
5. Select **Renew**.
6. Select the **Period** you wish to extend. We offer renewal periods including: 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months. Once you select the renewal period, the system will automatically calculate the effective time of the new usage period and the total amount you need to pay for the **SMS notification quota** renewal.
7. Enter the **Coupon** if you want and select **Apply**.
8. Choose **Continue** and proceed with the **Checkout** steps. After a successful payment, the **SMS notification quota** will be renewed.

You can only renew your SMS notification quota within 7 days before the current notification package expires. The cost calculation for each SMS notification quota renewal is publicly available on the VNG Cloud homepage; please refer to the Pricing Calculation section.

***

### Resize SMS Notification Quota

To **resize up** an **SMS Notification Quota**, you can:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. At the SMS notification quota package in use, select **Upgrade**.
5. Select the new **SMS notification quota package** you want to upgrade to. The upgraded package must have a configuration (number of text messages) higher than the configuration of the package currently in use.
6. Select **Upgrade.**
7. Enter the **Coupon** if you want and select **Apply**.
8. Select **Continue** and proceed with the steps to **Checkout** your cart. After a successful payment, the **SMS notification quota** will be increased.

The detailed cost calculation for increasing the quota for each SMS notification package is publicly available on VNG Cloud's homepage. Please refer to the Pricing Calculation for more information.

***

### Delete SMS Notification Quota

If you do not need to use the created SMS notification quota, we recommend deleting this SMS notification quota to optimize costs.

To delete **SMS Notification Quota**, you can:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. At the SMS notification quota package in use, select **Delete**.
5. At the SMS notification quota deletion confirmation screen, select **Delete**.

After you delete the SMS notification quota package, the deleted notification package will disappear from your notification package list. If your resources still have validity, we will refund the unused balance to your credit wallet. For details on how the vMonitor Platform calculates refund fees, please refer to the Pricing Calculation method.

<mark style="color:red;">**Deleting the SMS notification quota carries significant risks (the resources cannot be recovered after deletion). We strongly advise you to consider carefully before proceeding.**</mark>

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vmonitor-platform/cach-tinh-nang-cua-vmonitor-platform/notification/lam-viec-voi-sms-notification-quota.md, after:

# Working with SMS Notification Quota

### Overview

An SMS Notification quota is a term on the vMonitor Platform representing a package of notifications via text messages with a specific number of messages that you purchase on GreenNode. At any given time, you can only own one SMS Notification quota and use it to send notifications according to your needs.

***

### Create an SMS Notification Quota

To initialize an SMS Notification Quota, follow the instructions below:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select **Quota & Usage**.
3. Select **Buy SMS notification quota.**
4. Select **SMS packages** that meet your needs.
5. Select **Buy SMS notification quota.**
6. Select the desired **Period**. Currently, we offer you the following subscription periods: 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months.
7. Enter the **Coupon** if available and select **Apply**
8. Select **Continue** and proceed with the **Payment** steps for the cart. After successful payment, the **SMS notification quota** will be initialized.
9. For each GreenNode account, you can create **one SMS notification quota package** and use it according to the cycle you have chosen. Seven days before the expiration of this SMS notification quota package, you can renew and continue using it with the next renewal cycle. Additionally, during the package usage period, you can also increase the package usage limit as guided below. The cost calculation for each SMS notification quota package is publicly available on the GreenNode homepage, see Cost Calculation.

***

### View SMS Notification Quota Information

After you initialize the SMS Notification Quota, you can view the information of the SMS Notification Quota package you just created by:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. The system displays information about the **SMS notification quota** package that has been initialized and the actual **Usage** of the **SMS notification quota** package that you are using.

***

### Renew SMS Notification Quota

You have created an SMS notification quota with a short-term usage cycle. Currently, your monitoring needs have changed, and you want to extend the usage cycle of this notification package. To address this issue, you can change the storage cycle through the **renew** feature that we provide.

To **renew** an **SMS Notification Quota**, you can:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. In the SMS notification quota package you are using, select **Renew.**
5. Select **Renew**.
6. Select the **Period** you wish to extend. We offer renewal periods including: 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months. Once you select the renewal period, the system will automatically calculate the effective time of the new usage period and the total amount you need to pay for the **SMS notification quota** renewal.
7. Enter the **Coupon** if you want and select **Apply**.
8. Choose **Continue** and proceed with the **Checkout** steps. After a successful payment, the **SMS notification quota** will be renewed.

You can only renew your SMS notification quota within 7 days before the current notification package expires. The cost calculation for each SMS notification quota renewal is publicly available on the GreenNode homepage; please refer to the Pricing Calculation section.

***

### Resize SMS Notification Quota

To **resize up** an **SMS Notification Quota**, you can:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. At the SMS notification quota package in use, select **Upgrade**.
5. Select the new **SMS notification quota package** you want to upgrade to. The upgraded package must have a configuration (number of text messages) higher than the configuration of the package currently in use.
6. Select **Upgrade.**
7. Enter the **Coupon** if you want and select **Apply**.
8. Select **Continue** and proceed with the steps to **Checkout** your cart. After a successful payment, the **SMS notification quota** will be increased.

The detailed cost calculation for increasing the quota for each SMS notification package is publicly available on GreenNode's homepage. Please refer to the Pricing Calculation for more information.

***

### Delete SMS Notification Quota

If you do not need to use the created SMS notification quota, we recommend deleting this SMS notification quota to optimize costs.

To delete **SMS Notification Quota**, you can:

1. Login into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor).&#x20;
2. Select the menu **Quota\&Usage.**
3. Select **Paid notification usage**.
4. At the SMS notification quota package in use, select **Delete**.
5. At the SMS notification quota deletion confirmation screen, select **Delete**.

After you delete the SMS notification quota package, the deleted notification package will disappear from your notification package list. If your resources still have validity, we will refund the unused balance to your credit wallet. For details on how the vMonitor Platform calculates refund fees, please refer to the Pricing Calculation method.

<mark style="color:red;">**Deleting the SMS notification quota carries significant risks (the resources cannot be recovered after deletion). We strongly advise you to consider carefully before proceeding.**</mark>
