# Features of Veeam

## Overview

Veeam Backup & Replication offers many powerful features to protect data in virtualized and physical environments. Here are some of the key features of Veeam Backup & Replication:

## Features

<table><thead><tr><th width="78">No.</th><th width="183">Feature</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td><strong>Backup</strong></td><td><p>Allows for data backup and can schedule backups for virtual servers, physical servers, and application data, including cloud environments. </p><p>Key features:</p><ul><li><strong>Tape Support</strong>: Allows tape data backup, facilitating long-term and secure storage;</li><li><strong>Cloud Connect:</strong> Enables backup (as well as recovery) directly from cloud services, enhancing scalability.</li><li><strong>End-to-end Encryption</strong>: Provides encryption from start to finish to protect backup data during transmission and storage.</li><li><strong>SureBackup</strong>: Allows for testing the integrity and recoverability of backups without impacting the production environment.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td><strong>Restore</strong></td><td><p>Allows for the complete recovery of virtual machines, specific files, or to a previously backed-up state, helping to reduce system downtime and prevent data loss. </p><p>Key feature:</p><ul><li><strong>Instant VM Recovery</strong>: Quickly restores virtual machines from backups, significantly reducing downtime in the event of an incident.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td><strong>Replication</strong></td><td><p>Allows for the replication and maintenance of copies at a secondary location. This ensures high availability and quick recovery in the event of an incident. </p><p>Key features:</p><ul><li><strong>Backup Copy Job:</strong> Allows data backup copies from one Repository to another.</li><li><strong>Scale-out Backup Repository:</strong> Enables users to expand backup storage space by combining multiple storage repositories into a single, easily managed repository.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
