English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vcontainer/kubernetes-cluster/terms-of-k8s-service.md, before:

# Terms of K8S service

Notice of terms of use of VNG Cloud's vContainer service (For Prepaid Customers)

From September 1, 2021 for prepaid customers using VNG Cloud's vContainer service: The service-related expenses will be calculated at the end of the month of the same service initialization period (Payment after payment is made after the service is started). use the service). VNG Cloud will automatically pay at the end of the last month if the credit wallet meets the conditions.

1. This service will be charged for actual usage at the end of the month.
2. When starting the service, the system will estimate the cost according to the configuration chosen by the customer in 1 day, the customer will hold the corresponding amount from the credit wallet.
3. In the process of using the service, if there is a cost that exceeds the previously held amount, the system will hold an additional amount depending on the actual usage, this will happen every day.
4. In the process of using the service, if the customer receives an alert that there are not enough credits, please add more money to the credit to continue using and avoid service interruption.
5. At the beginning of the 1st of every month, the system will close the invoice and use the held amount to pay for the vContainer service.
6. Please refer to the schematic diagram as below:

<figure><img src="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/download/attachments/59802533/image2021-9-28_16-34-55.png?version=1&#x26;modificationDate=1684995929000&#x26;api=v2" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

\
Please click the "agree to use the service" button when you agree to the above terms.

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vcontainer/kubernetes-cluster/terms-of-k8s-service.md, after:

# Terms of K8S service

Notice of terms of use of GreenNode's vContainer service (For Prepaid Customers)

From September 1, 2021 for prepaid customers using GreenNode's vContainer service: The service-related expenses will be calculated at the end of the month of the same service initialization period (Payment after payment is made after the service is started). use the service). GreenNode will automatically pay at the end of the last month if the credit wallet meets the conditions.

1. This service will be charged for actual usage at the end of the month.
2. When starting the service, the system will estimate the cost according to the configuration chosen by the customer in 1 day, the customer will hold the corresponding amount from the credit wallet.
3. In the process of using the service, if there is a cost that exceeds the previously held amount, the system will hold an additional amount depending on the actual usage, this will happen every day.
4. In the process of using the service, if the customer receives an alert that there are not enough credits, please add more money to the credit to continue using and avoid service interruption.
5. At the beginning of the 1st of every month, the system will close the invoice and use the held amount to pay for the vContainer service.
6. Please refer to the schematic diagram as below:

<figure><img src="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/download/attachments/59802533/image2021-9-28_16-34-55.png?version=1&#x26;modificationDate=1684995929000&#x26;api=v2" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

\
Please click the "agree to use the service" button when you agree to the above terms.
