# 2024

### Quarter 3, 2024

###

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Experience Enhancements" %}
**Aug 28, 2024**

**VKS**

**Private Cluster:** Previously, public clusters on VKS were using Public IP addresses to communicate between nodes and the control plane. To improve the security of your cluster, we have launched the private cluster model. The Private Cluster feature helps your K8S cluster to be as secure as possible, all connections are completely private from the connection between nodes to the control plane, the connection from the client to the control plane, or the connection from nodes to other products and services in VNG Cloud such as: vStorage, vCR, vMonitor, VNG Cloud APIs,...&#x20;

Private Cluster is the ideal choice for services that require strict access control, ensuring compliance with regulations on security and data privacy.

&#x20;For details on the 2 operating models of Cluster [here](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vks/mo-hinh-hoat-dong)

User guide [create-a-private-cluster.md](../../vks/bat-dau-voi-vks/create-a-private-cluster.md "mention")

**Aug 14, 2024**&#x20;

**vLB auto scale:**&#x20;

Key benefits:

* Optimize performance: Ensure that vLBs always have enough resources to handle traffic, avoiding overload.&#x20;
* Saving costs: Automatically reduce the number of LBs when traffic is low, or increase the number of LBs when traffic increases, helping you save and optimize costs in the best way.
* Simplify management: No need to manually scale vLBs.&#x20;

Release date: 08/14/2024&#x20;

User guide [auto-scaling](../../vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/auto-scaling/ "mention")

**Aug 1, 2024**

**Service Endpoint:**

In addition to connecting to the vStorage service released in June 2024, from now on, users can create Service Endpoints connecting to other services on VNG Cloud, including vServer, IAM, vMonitor.

Released date: 01/08/2024

User guide [Endpoint](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vnetwork/endpoint)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="New feature" %}

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="New Product/Service" %}

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Quarter 2, 2024

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="New Product/Service" %}
### 1. VKS

VKS (VNGCloud Kubernetes Service) is a managed service on VNGCloud that helps you simplify the process of deploying and managing container-based applications. Kubernetes is an open source platform developed by Google, widely used to manage and deploy container applications on distributed environments.

This is a new product which replaced to vContainer with many improvements, you can learn more [here](../../vks/).

* _User guide_ [_here_](../../vks/)
* _Get started_ [_here_](https://vks.console.vngcloud.vn/overview)

For customers who using vContainer and then want to convert to VKS: see more guide[ here](../../vks/migration/)&#x20;

### 2. Service Endpoint&#x20;

This is a service that provides safe and secure private connections from VPCs to the vStorage service. This service acts as a connection bridge, helping to create a separate connection (internal connection, only in VNG Cloud) so that instances in VPC can communicate with vStorage.

* User guide [tại đây ](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vnetwork)
* Getting start now by logging into [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vserver/](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vserver/) to create Service Endpoint

### 3. Public NAT instance

A NAT instance provides network address translation (NAT). You can use a NAT instance to allow resources in a private subnet to communicate with destinations outside the virtual private cloud (VPC), such as the internet or an on-premises network. The resources in the private subnet can initiate outbound traffic to the internet, but they can't receive inbound traffic initiated on the internet.

* User guide [here](../../vnetwork/public-nat-instance/)
* Get started [here](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vserver/)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="New feature" %}
### 1. Auto scale (vStorage)

The Auto-scale Quota feature (support for vStorage) allows you to set up the system to automatically expand storage capacity based on your actual usage and needs. Thereby helping users simplify management and optimize usage costs.

* _User guide_ [Autoscale Quota (vStorage)](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vstorage/vstorage-hcm03/cac-tinh-nang-cua-vstorage/lam-viec-voi-project/tang-dung-luong-tu-dong-auto-scale-quota)
* _Get started_ [Autoscale Quota (vStorage)](https://vstorage.console.vngcloud.vn/overview)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Experience Enhancements" %}
\


<table><thead><tr><th width="153">Function</th><th width="382">Description</th><th>Release date</th><th>Region</th><th>References</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Bandwidths</td><td><ul><li>Upgrade the interface on vServer's main portal here (new portal)</li></ul><ul><li>Providing 2 more package as high-speed BW Dedicated package options, including Dedicated-TN-5000Mbps and Dedicated-TN-10000Mbps.</li></ul><ul><li>Support for prepaid users: POC support feature for BW Dedicated sales packages and allows purchasing BW Pay as you go (PAYG) packages right on the Portal</li></ul><ul><li>Other upgrades: Customers can easily change Bandwidth packages or upgrade/downgrade usage capacity on Portal and can easily add new IPs to appropriate bandwidth packages when usage needs increase without needing have to change complex system configurations.</li></ul></td><td>07/06/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vpc/bandwidth">Bandwidth</a></td></tr><tr><td>Search Servers</td><td><ul><li>Update the Search feature to find Servers using criteria such as: Private IP, Public IP, Subnet ID, VPC ID.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/getting-started">Server</a></td></tr><tr><td>Volume</td><td><ul><li>Update the feature to support renaming created Volumes.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/volume">Volume</a></td></tr><tr><td>vLB</td><td><ul><li>Update the SNI certificate directly on the Listener to maintain and enhance security, ensuring that connections to your services are always safe and reliable.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/load-balancer">LoadBalancer</a></td></tr><tr><td>Tags in Network Interface</td><td><ul><li>Upgrade to support attaching Tags to the Network Interface when users create a new External Interface.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vpc/external-interface">External Interface</a></td></tr><tr><td>Network Interface</td><td><ul><li>Update the payment experience on the External Interface.</li></ul></td><td>02/05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vpc/external-interface">External Interface</a></td></tr><tr><td>Image</td><td><ul><li>Update the payment experience on Image;</li><li>When users create an Image, they do not need to make a payment (as the storage size is not yet determined), so the system allows usage for three days. After three days, users must renew to continue using the Image.</li></ul></td><td>02/05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/image">Image</a></td></tr><tr><td>SSO - IAM</td><td><ul><li>Update the login method to include SSO through Google accounts.</li></ul></td><td>10/04/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/identity-and-access-management-iam">IAM</a></td></tr><tr><td>Snapshot</td><td><ul><li>Upgrade to allow the creation of VMs or Volumes from existing Snapshots during the VM creation step or from the Snapshot list.</li></ul></td><td>03/04/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/snapshot">Snapshot</a></td></tr><tr><td>Share Snapshot</td><td><ul><li>Upgrade the feature to allow Snapshots to be shared with accounts using VNG Cloud services.</li></ul></td><td>03/04/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>vDB Memory</td><td><p>With new UI Portal synchronized with existing services on VNG Cloud, we hope to bring a more user-friendly experience when using services on VNG Cloud. </p><p>At the same time, vDB Memory's new portal is integrated with the IAM (Identity and Access Management) feature, making it more convenient for customers to manage and assign access rights. </p><p>Get started: https://vdb.console.vngcloud.vn/memorystore/database</p></td><td>9/7/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="New Zones\Regions" %}
### New Region in Hanoi – HAN-01

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmvwAmnrLUM" %}

* Actice time: From June 5, 2024
* Services available on HAN-01:

_Compute:_ Initialize/resize VM

_BlockStore:_ Initialize Volume, Image, Backups, Snapshots

_Load Balancing:_ Load Balancers

_Virtual network_: Network ACL, Network Interfaces, Route tables, Security Groups, Floating IPs, VIP (virtual IP address), VPC Peering, Interconnects

_Other services including VKS, DB, BW,..._ will be integrated according to the roadmap soon in the near future.

* To enable Region HAN-01: Customers access Portal vServer and select Region on the top left. Initialization operations are similar to HCM03 User Manual

**Some highlights with Region HAN-01:**

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="260"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Benefits of use</strong></td><td><strong>Description of benefits</strong></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>Providing Region HAN-01 option when initializing the service</strong></p><p><em>Increase access performance for Customers who settle at the Hanoi</em></p></td><td><p><em>Key highlights:</em></p><ul><li>Suitable for customers who having a main data/traffic in Hanoi or surrounding areas- helps increase access and service operation efficiency</li></ul><ul><li>Interconnect up to 10Gbps from Hanoi region to HCM region (CrossRegionConnect): provides Interconnect private connection solution, supporting customers when they need to connect 2 Regions together.</li></ul><ul><li>Data Encryption at Blockstorage: Block Storage service provides hard drive encryption (Data Encryption) using keys based on standard AES-128, AES-256 algorithms. Data is automatically encrypted as it is transmitted from the server to the hard drives, and encrypted data is automatically decrypted when it is read</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>Multi Region solution</strong> (coming soon):</p><p><em>Support DR solutions for businesses</em></p><p></p><p>This solution will be suitable for customers who need:</p><ul><li>High availability and fast disaster recovery (DR)</li></ul><ul><li>Security Compliance Management: data must be stored/backed up in many different locations (Region).</li></ul></td><td><p></p><p><em>Key highlights:</em></p><ul><li>Multi-Region helps customers build a DR (Disaster recovery) solution in Warm standby mode, used to speed up data recovery to another Region</li></ul><ul><li>VNG Cloud is also the first local cloud to invest in developing this solution, supporting customers in building DR strategies and quickly adapting when disasters occur</li></ul><ul><li>With Multi Region setup, customers can set up:</li></ul><p><em>Cross-region backup:</em> primary data and backups are stored in geographically separate areas, increasing resilience in the event of an incident (including natural disasters or software or software failures). hard).</p><p><strong>Cross-region load balancer:</strong> customers can set up regional load balancing, with high availability and low latency for their end applications. Accordingly, cross-region load balancer provides:</p><ul><li>Low latency with geolocation-based routing algorithm: Load Balancer traffic will be routed to the nearest deployment area.</li><li>Automatic failover for disaster recovery: When a Region server fails, end customer traffic will be rerouted to another Region server to ensure seamless traffic flow, is not interrupted.</li></ul><p><em>Set up Interconnect up to 10Gbps private line (CrossRegionConnect):</em> helps connect two regions HCM-03 and HAN-01 via Private line, helping to enhance access performance and connection security</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Billing/Pricing" %}
### Bandwidths

* Providing 2 more high-speed BW Dedicated package options, including Dedicated-TN-5000Mbps and Dedicated-TN-10000Mbps.
* Additional supports for prepaid accounts:

\+ Support POC for using BW Dedicated packages.

&#x20;\+ Support to buy BW Pay as you go (PAYG) packages right on the Portal

* User guide [Bandwidths](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/network/bandwidth-hcm-03/dich-vu-datatransfers-bandwidth)
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}



### Quarter 1, 2024

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="New Product/Service" %}
### **1. Datasync**

DataSync is a service developed by VNG Cloud to transfer data safely, automatically and quickly between object storage's services. With DataSync, you can:

* Transfer data from International Cloud to VNG Cloud, specifically:

\+ Transfer data from Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage to vStorage.

\+ Transfer data from any S3-compatible Cloud Provider to vStorage.

* Transfer data from On-premise to VNG Cloud
* Backup saves your data on vStorage.

User guide [here](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/datasync)

### 2. Filestorage

Our File Storage service is a flexible and reliable data storage solution for organizations and businesses of all sizes. With large storage capacity, high flexibility and strong security, our service provides a perfect platform to easily and securely manage and access your data.

User guide [here](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vstorage/filestorage)

### 3. Media transcoding

Sigma Streaming is ready on vMarketPlace, supporting customers with Media transcoding features when using vCDN services.

* Get started[ here](https://marketplace.console.vngcloud.vn/app-package/detail/8/72/d20f52eb-b98c-4e6c-842a-5bc14cfe3fcd)
* This product provides 3 main solutions:

\+ _Sigma Livestream_: provides seamless live video streaming with extremely low latency. The system supports leading streaming protocols such as Dash-CMAF and HLS, ensuring compatibility across devices and networks. With easy stream receiving via RTMP. The system is suitable for live events that require high stability. Additionally, the live content playback system helps users easily review broadcasted live streams. Powered by GPU-based encoding and ensures high-quality streaming.

\+ _Sigma Media Live:_ provides an efficient linear channel transcoding solution, ensuring smooth delivery across a variety of devices and networks. Leveraging advanced transcoding capabilities, the system seamlessly adapts content for an optimal viewing experience.

\+ _Sigma Media VOD_: provides powerful transcoding for on-demand video content, allowing for seamless playback across different devices and network conditions. With advanced features, the system ensures a high-quality streaming experience for watching on-demand content.
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="New features" %}
### Convert TypeVolume from SSD to NVMe

VNG Cloud provides a feature that allows users to convert volume types from SSD (Solid State Drive) to NVME (Non-Volatile Memory Express) and or from NVME to SSD. This feature help you to optimize data storage performance on the system.

User guide [here](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/volume/chuyen-doi-volume-type)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Experience Enhancements" %}
### 1. Network VPCs:

In addition to the subnet of CIDR/24 ranges, we have added a subnet of CIDR/28 ranges for you. Now, you can choose to use the CIDR/24 or CIDR/28 range depending on the expected number of instances in your subnet.

* Release date: March 7, 2024
* User guide here: [Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/vng-cloud-document/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vpc/virtual-private-cloud-vpc)

### 2. Network ACL

Network ACL feature helps you control incoming and outgoing network traffic (traffic in/out) from subnets in your VPC.

* Release date: March 7, 2024
* User guide here [Network ACL References](../../vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/vpc/network-acl.md)

### 3. New Policy L7

The upgrade adds policy configuration functionality to help you control and route traffic to servers.

* Release date March 8, 2024
* User guide here [Listener Policies](broken-reference)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Billing/Pricing Updates" %}
### 1. Terraform using POC wallet

VNG Cloud has supported for issuing POC for Terraform service, helping customers to easily experience the service trial on VNG Cloud before purchasing.

So now POC wallet can support services including vServer, vStorage, vMonitor, Terraform, VKS

### 2. vMonitor Platform launches a simplify pricing&#x20;

With a new sales package with a new UI, it allows customers to customize and choose package configuration according to their needs - thereby helping customers optimize usage costs as well as contribute to improving user experience.

* Launch and application time: February 29, 2024
* New vMonitor service packages:

<table><thead><tr><th width="173">Content</th><th width="210">Basic package</th><th>Pro package</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Cost</td><td>Free</td><td>From 500,000vnđ</td></tr><tr><td>Quota</td><td><p>Retention: 1 day</p><p>Metric: 5 resource</p><p>Log: 10GB/day</p></td><td><ul><li>Metric: Customers choose resource packages from 5 to to 500 resources (with options in steps of 5). Metric storage period 60 days.</li></ul><ul><li>Log (by day): Customers choose from 10GB/day to 5TB/day (5GB or 10GB jump). Log Retention: 3,7,14,30,45,60,90 days</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>SMS/Email Noti</td><td><p>The system offers a FOC (free of charge) option of 20 emails/SMM per month. </p><p>Customers can proactively choose a free package or purchase email/SMS package depending on your needs.</p></td><td><p>The system offers a FOC (free of charge) option of 20 emails/SMM per month. </p><p>Customers can proactively choose a free package or purchase email/SMS package depending on your needs.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
