# 2024

This topic describes release notes for vServer on 2024 (VNG Cloud) features and provides links to relevant references.

## Table 1. 2nd Quarter 2024 <a href="#id-2024-table1.1rdquarter2024" id="id-2024-table1.1rdquarter2024"></a>

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Function</th><th width="345">Description</th><th width="139">Release date</th><th>Region</th><th>References</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Bandwidths</td><td><p>VNG Cloud is pleased to introduce an upgrade to the Bandwidths service within the VNG Cloud ecosystem. Specifically, this upgrade includes:</p><ul><li><strong>Interface Upgrade</strong>:The new interface is optimized and consistent with other services on VNG Cloud, featuring a modern and intuitive design, making it easier for you to search, view information, and perform actions quickly and conveniently.</li><li><p><strong>Feature Upgrade</strong>:</p><ul><li><strong>Diverse Package Classification</strong>: Instead of offering only two packages, Dedicated package and Shared Pool as before, VNG Cloud will introduce two new package types: VNG Dedicated and Pay as you go.</li><li><strong>Pricing Method Change</strong>: All four Bandwidth packages will now use a pricing model based on GB usage instead of Mbps as previously. This helps customers easily track and manage their Bandwidth usage costs.</li><li><p><strong>Other Feature Upgrades</strong>:</p><ul><li><strong>Flexible Bandwidth Management</strong>: Customers can easily change their Bandwidth package or upgrade/downgrade their usage capacity directly within the VNG Cloud interface.</li><li><strong>Add IP for Bandwidth Usage</strong>: Customers can easily add new IPs to the appropriate bandwidth package when their usage needs increase, without needing to change complex system configurations.</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><p>Currently, VNG Cloud is maintaining both the old and new bandwidth portals in parallel. We plan to close the old bandwidth portal on July 7, 2024. During this time, the system will not automatically switch your old Bandwidth packages to the new portal. You will need to manually delete the old Bandwidth packages on the old portal and purchase new packages on the new portal.</p></td><td>07/06/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../vpc/bandwidth/">Bandwidth</a></td></tr><tr><td>Region HAN-01</td><td><ul><li>Update: The new Region HAN-01 has been added to improve access performance for customers in the Hanoi area.</li></ul></td><td>05/06/2024</td><td>HAN-01</td><td><a href="../../">vServer</a></td></tr><tr><td>Service endpoints</td><td><ul><li>The Service Endpoint service provides secure and private connectivity from VPCs to the vStorage service.</li><li>The service is now available on the vServer Portal.</li></ul></td><td>06/05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../../../vnetwork/endpoint/create-endpoint.md">Create endpoint</a></td></tr><tr><td>Search Servers</td><td><ul><li>Update the Search feature to find Servers using criteria such as: Private IP, Public IP, Subnet ID, VPC ID.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../getting-started/">Server</a></td></tr><tr><td>Volume</td><td><ul><li>Update the feature to support renaming created Volumes.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../volume/">Volume</a></td></tr><tr><td>vLB</td><td><ul><li>Update the SNI certificate directly on the Listener to maintain and enhance security, ensuring that connections to your services are always safe and reliable.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../load-balancer/">LoadBalancer</a></td></tr><tr><td>Tags in Network Interface</td><td><ul><li>Upgrade to support attaching Tags to the Network Interface when users create a new External Interface.</li></ul></td><td>05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../vpc/external-interface.md">External Interface</a></td></tr><tr><td>Network Interface</td><td><ul><li>Update the payment experience on the External Interface.</li></ul></td><td>02/05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../vpc/external-interface.md">External Interface</a></td></tr><tr><td>Image</td><td><ul><li>Update the payment experience on Image;</li><li>When users create an Image, they do not need to make a payment (as the storage size is not yet determined), so the system allows usage for three days. After three days, users must renew to continue using the Image.</li></ul></td><td>02/05/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../image.md">Image</a></td></tr><tr><td>SSO - IAM</td><td><ul><li>Update the login method to include SSO through Google accounts.</li></ul></td><td>10/04/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../../../identity-and-access-management-iam/">IAM</a></td></tr><tr><td>Snapshot</td><td><ul><li>Upgrade to allow the creation of VMs or Volumes from existing Snapshots during the VM creation step or from the Snapshot list.</li></ul></td><td>03/04/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../snapshot/">Snapshot</a></td></tr><tr><td>Share Snapshot</td><td><ul><li>Upgrade the feature to allow Snapshots to be shared with accounts using VNG Cloud services.</li></ul></td><td>03/04/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../snapshot/share-snapshots.md">Share Snapshot</a></td></tr></tbody></table>



## Table 1. 1st Quarter 2024 <a href="#id-2024-table1.1rdquarter2024" id="id-2024-table1.1rdquarter2024"></a>

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Function</th><th width="345">Description</th><th width="139">Release date</th><th>Region</th><th>References</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Network VPCs</td><td><ul><li>Feature upgrade: in addition to the subnet of CIDR/24 ranges, we have added a subnet of CIDR/28 ranges for you. From there you can use the range CIDR/24 or CIDR/28 depending on the expected number of instances in your subnet.</li></ul></td><td>07/03/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../vpc/virtual-private-cloud-vpc.md">Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)</a></td></tr><tr><td>Network ACL</td><td><ul><li>The upgrade adds the Network ACL feature to help you control incoming and outgoing network traffic (traffic in/out) from subnets in your VPC.</li></ul></td><td>07/03/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../vpc/network-acl.md">Network ACL</a></td></tr><tr><td>New Policy L7 </td><td><ul><li>Upgrade to add policy configuration functionality helps you control and route traffic to the servers.</li></ul></td><td>08/03/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../load-balancer/listener-policy.md">Listener Policies</a></td></tr><tr><td>User Data</td><td><ul><li>Update feature to support users in uploading UserData. </li><li>This helps provide additional data to the Server for maximum customization according to user needs.</li></ul></td><td>13/03/2024</td><td>HCM-03</td><td><a href="../getting-started/userdata.md">UserData</a></td></tr></tbody></table>
