# Feature Limitations

The table below outlines the limitations of vStorage for certain features, please refer for usage.

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="264"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Feature</strong></td><td><strong>Limitation</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Upload file</td><td><ul><li>The maximum total size of files uploaded by you through the <strong>vStorage Portal</strong> is <strong>20GB</strong>.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Set metadata for a object</td><td><p>Allows setting <strong>metadata</strong> with:</p><ul><li>Default key: "Content-Type", "Expires", "Content-Language", "X-Delete-At", "Cache-Control", "Content-Encoding", "X-Robots-Tag".</li><li>Custom key: "X-Container-Meta-Vng-{custom_key}".</li></ul><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Copy a object</td><td>Allows copying <strong>objects</strong> within a <strong>project</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td>Move a object</td><td>Allows moving <strong>objects</strong> within a <strong>project</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td>Create a container</td><td><p>When performing container initialization:</p><ul><li>If you create a container through the <strong>vStorage Portal</strong> the system will create a container with the Storage Class of the container in accordance with the Project Type (Gold, Silver, Archive) of the project in which you are creating the container.</li><li>If you create a container through the <strong>vStorage API</strong> or <strong>3rd party software</strong> the system will create a container with the Container's Storage Class being Gold regardless of whether the Project Type of the project you are creating the container in is Gold, Silver or Archive.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Versioning container</td><td>A container can only have one <strong>versioning container</strong> at a time if you use the container versioning feature.</td></tr><tr><td>Archive Class</td><td><ul><li><p>A container can only have one of two types of rules set up: <strong>Expiration</strong> or <strong>Transition</strong> through the <strong>vStorage Portal</strong>.</p><ul><li>For <strong>Transition rule</strong>: you can schedule to move object from containerA (with Storage class Gold, Silver - this container is created by yourself) to containerA_tier (with Storage class Silver - this container is created by us) when the object satisfy the N-day non-retrieval condition if you are a postpaid user. Objects that are successfully transferred to a new container will still be displayed in the old place, but the Storage class will change.</li><li>For the <strong>Expiration rule</strong>: you can schedule an object to be deleted if you are both a prepaid and a postpaid user.</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Archive project</td><td><ul><li>You can only make purchases of the <strong>Archive class</strong> storage plan and initialize containers and delete objects through the <strong>vStorage Portal</strong>. After 24 hours from the time of successfully uploading files to this project, your data will not be deleted until the specified period of at least 6 months has passed. For details, refer to Working with Archive project.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
