# Cyberduck

## Overview <a href="#cyberduck-tongquan" id="cyberduck-tongquan"></a>

Cyberduck is an open source FTP and SFTP, WebDAV and cloud storage client, available for macOS and Windows licensed under the GPL. Cyberduck is written in Java and C# using the Cocoa UI framework on macOS and Windows Forms on Windows. To help you quickly install and configure this user tool, we provide an integration feature via the vStorage Portal. You simply provide the correct Region, Project, vStorage credentials and then download a configuration file for Cyberduck that can be used to access your resources on the vStorage service. Once you have accessed your resources (projects, containers, objects, etc.) on the vStorage service, to work with these resources using the Cyberduck tool, you can refer to more use cases or Cyberduck features to work with vStorage resources.

To help you quickly install and configure this user tool, we provide an integration feature through the vStorage Portal. You just need to provide the correct Region, Project, vStorage credentials and then download the configuration file for Cyberduck, which can be used to access your resources on the vStorage service. For details, please refer to Integrating Cyberduck with vStorage. After accessing your resources (projects, containers, objects, etc.) on the vStorage service, to work with these resources using Cyberduck, you can refer to more use cases or Cyberduck features to work with vStorage resources. For details, please refer to Using Cyberduck.
