English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/apis-and-iac.md, before:

# APIs & IaC

#### VNG Cloud Terraform <a href="#apis-and-iac-vngcloudterraform" id="apis-and-iac-vngcloudterraform"></a>

VNG Cloud provides terraform provider so that users can manage resources through Terraform (Infrastructure as Code).

| Document                                                                            | Description                                                  |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Installation                                                                        | Instructions for installing and configuring Terraform        |
| [References](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/vngcloud/vngcloud/latest/docs) | Documentation of resources that VNG Cloud Terraform supports |

#### VNG Cloud API <a href="#apis-and-iac-vngcloudapi" id="apis-and-iac-vngcloudapi"></a>

VNG Cloud provides RESTful API so that users can manage resources through HTTP request.

| Document                                  | Description                                    |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| [Tutorial](https://docs.api.vngcloud.vn/) | Tutorial Guide to Authentication and API Usage |

<br>

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/apis-and-iac.md, after:

# APIs & IaC

#### GreenNode Terraform <a href="#apis-and-iac-vngcloudterraform" id="apis-and-iac-vngcloudterraform"></a>

GreenNode provides terraform provider so that users can manage resources through Terraform (Infrastructure as Code).

| Document                                                                            | Description                                                  |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Installation                                                                        | Instructions for installing and configuring Terraform        |
| [References](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/vngcloud/vngcloud/latest/docs) | Documentation of resources that GreenNode Terraform supports |

#### GreenNode API <a href="#apis-and-iac-vngcloudapi" id="apis-and-iac-vngcloudapi"></a>

GreenNode provides RESTful API so that users can manage resources through HTTP request.

| Document                                  | Description                                    |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| [Tutorial](https://docs.api.vngcloud.vn/) | Tutorial Guide to Authentication and API Usage |

<br>
