English/README.md, before:

---
description: >-
  From April 19, 2024, VNG Cloud has changed the user guide UI platform. The
  content remains unchanged which based on docs.vngcloud.vn and continues to be
  updated in the new UI.
---

# 🇬🇧 VNG Cloud Help Center

## Overview

Welcome to VNG Cloud's user guide page. Here you can easily find useful information about how to get start with VNG Cloud's products and services.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/greennode cover.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Infrastructure as a Service " %}
[**vServer - SmartCloud Server System**](vserver/)

* [vServer HCM03-1A](vserver/)

[**vStorage - Mul-ti tier cloud storage solution**](vstorage/object-storage/vstorage-hcm03/)

* [vStorage (Object Storage, new UI portal)](vstorage/object-storage/vstorage-hcm03/)<br>
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Platform as a Service" %}
[vMonitor Platform -Active & comprehensive system monitoring](/broken/pages/24gc1gsfx6hkhbB1kG9t)

[vDB - Professional database management solution](vdb/)

[VKS - Container management with Kubernetes](vks/)

[vCDN: Optimal content delivery network](vcdn/)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Software as a Service" %}
[Veka.ai -Smart surveillance solution](vcloudcam.md)
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/README.md, after:

---
description: >-
  From April 19, 2024, GreenNode has changed the user guide UI platform. The
  content remains unchanged which based on docs.vngcloud.vn and continues to be
  updated in the new UI.
---

# 🇬🇧 GreenNode Help Center

## Overview

Welcome to GreenNode's user guide page. Here you can easily find useful information about how to get start with GreenNode's products and services.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/greennode cover.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Infrastructure as a Service " %}
[**vServer - SmartCloud Server System**](vserver/)

* [vServer HCM03-1A](vserver/)

[**vStorage - Mul-ti tier cloud storage solution**](vstorage/object-storage/vstorage-hcm03/)

* [vStorage (Object Storage, new UI portal)](vstorage/object-storage/vstorage-hcm03/)<br>
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Platform as a Service" %}
[vMonitor Platform -Active & comprehensive system monitoring](/broken/pages/24gc1gsfx6hkhbB1kG9t)

[vDB - Professional database management solution](vdb/)

[VKS - Container management with Kubernetes](vks/)

[vCDN: Optimal content delivery network](vcdn/)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Software as a Service" %}
[Veka.ai -Smart surveillance solution](vcloudcam.md)
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
