English/vmonitor-platform/cach-tinh-nang-cua-vmonitor-platform/logs/lam-viec-voi-log-project-quota.md, before:

# Working with Log Project Quota

## Overview <a href="#tong-quan" id="tong-quan"></a>

A Log project is a term on vMonitor Platform that represents a Logs monitoring package with a specific capacity and time that you purchase on VNG Cloud. At a time you can own one or more Log projects in parallel and use them as a way to organize resources for groups or departments to use for different purposes.

***

## Initialize Log project quota <a href="#khoi-tao-log-project-quota" id="khoi-tao-log-project-quota"></a>

To initialize a log project, follow the steps below:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. Select **Quota & Usage** .
3. Select **Buy a log project.**
4. Enter **Log project name.** According to our regulations, the project log name must be from 1 (minimum) to 63 (maximum) characters long. **The log project name** can include lowercase letters (az), numbers (0-9), hyphens (-). **The log project name** must begin with a lowercase letter and end with a lowercase letter or a number.
5. Enter **Description** log project if available. According to our regulations, descriptions can be from 0 (minimum) to 300 (maximum) characters. **Description** can include uppercase letters, lowercase letters (az, AZ), numbers (0-9), periods (.), underscores (\_), spaces ( ) or hyphens (-). .
6. Select **the Class** you want to use **.** We offer you to choose 1 of 2 classes including: Basic, Pro.
7. If you choose the **Basic** class , you will not be able to customize the package configuration. If you choose the **Pro** class , you can select retiontion day and choose the desired log size per day configuration by dragging and dropping or entering the desired capacity number in the Log size per day box. use. For more detailed information about class information, see [Log Project Class](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/vmonitor-platform-la-gi/vmonitor-platform-log-la-gi/log-project-class)
8. Select **Buy Log Quota.**
9. Select **Period** if you are a prepaid user. We offer prepayment cycles including: 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months.
10. Select **Continue** and continue performing the steps **to Check out** the shopping cart and after successful payment **Log project** will be created.

We publicize the cost calculation for each log project package on VNG Cloud's homepage, see [How to calculate fees](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

***

## View Log project quota information <a href="#xem-thong-tin-log-project-quota" id="xem-thong-tin-log-project-quota"></a>

After you initialize the Log project, you can view the Log project package information that you just created by:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select **Log** .
4. The system displays the **Log project** package information that has been created and the actual **usage** you are using of that **Log project** package . You can renew within 7 days before the expiration date of the Log project package or increase the package limit to a higher level by selecting **Renew** or **Increase limit.**

***

## Extend Log project quota <a href="#gia-han-log-project-quota" id="gia-han-log-project-quota"></a>

To **renew** a **Log project** , you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select **Log** .
4. At the Log project package being used, select the icon ![](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/\~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3672463924-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-x-prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FB0NrrrdJdpYOYzRkbWp5%252Fuploads%252FZdlWblK2S3hEJjD7Fjm1%252Fimage.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D8de99894-a975-420f-afb2-6772d1a8eaa6\&width=22\&dpr=4\&quality=100\&sign=6b9b065a\&sv=1)then select **Renew** .
5. Select **Renew** .
6. Select the desired extension period in the Period column. When you select a period, the system will automatically calculate the validity period of the new usage period and the total amount you need to pay for renewing the **Log project package** .
7. Select **Continue** and continue with the steps. **Check out** the shopping cart and after successful payment, **the Log project** will be renewed.

How to calculate the renewal cost for each Log project package is publicized on the homepage of VNG Cloud, see [How to calculate fees](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

***

## Increase or decrease the Log project quota <a href="#tang-giam-han-muc-log-project-quota" id="tang-giam-han-muc-log-project-quota"></a>

To **increase the limit of** a **Log project** , you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select Log.
4. At the Log project package being used, select the icon ![](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/\~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3672463924-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-x-prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FB0NrrrdJdpYOYzRkbWp5%252Fuploads%252FvyfBd81KPAolelFLhsPk%252Fimage.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D90a7d2a2-9e5b-461d-8c4b-1baf99874c78\&width=22\&dpr=4\&quality=100\&sign=5c83c52e\&sv=1)then select **Resize** .
5. Select the new **Log project class** you want to upgrade. If your log project package is in the Basic class, you can upgrade it to the Pro class. If your log project package is in the Pro package, you can upgrade it to a higher configuration in the same class.
6. Select **Resize.**
7. Select **Continue** and continue with the cart **checkout** steps and after successful payment **the Log project** limit will be increased.

How to calculate the cost of increasing the limit for each Log project package is publicized on the homepage of VNG Cloud, see [How to calculate fees](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

***

## Delete Log project quota <a href="#xoa-log-project-quota" id="xoa-log-project-quota"></a>

If you do not need to use the created Log project package, we encourage you to delete this Log project package to optimize costs.

To **delete** a **Log project** , you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select **Log** .
4. In the Log project package being used, select **Delete** .
5. At the Log project deletion confirmation screen, select **Delete** .

After you delete the Log project package, the deleted Log project package will disappear from your Log project package list. If your resources are still valid, we will reimburse you for the unused balance via your credit wallet balance. For details on how vMonitor Platform calculates resource chargeback fees, see [How it is calculated](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

Because deleting a Log project is potentially risky (resources cannot be restored after deletion), we recommend that you consider carefully before deleting

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vmonitor-platform/cach-tinh-nang-cua-vmonitor-platform/logs/lam-viec-voi-log-project-quota.md, after:

# Working with Log Project Quota

## Overview <a href="#tong-quan" id="tong-quan"></a>

A Log project is a term on vMonitor Platform that represents a Logs monitoring package with a specific capacity and time that you purchase on GreenNode. At a time you can own one or more Log projects in parallel and use them as a way to organize resources for groups or departments to use for different purposes.

***

## Initialize Log project quota <a href="#khoi-tao-log-project-quota" id="khoi-tao-log-project-quota"></a>

To initialize a log project, follow the steps below:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. Select **Quota & Usage** .
3. Select **Buy a log project.**
4. Enter **Log project name.** According to our regulations, the project log name must be from 1 (minimum) to 63 (maximum) characters long. **The log project name** can include lowercase letters (az), numbers (0-9), hyphens (-). **The log project name** must begin with a lowercase letter and end with a lowercase letter or a number.
5. Enter **Description** log project if available. According to our regulations, descriptions can be from 0 (minimum) to 300 (maximum) characters. **Description** can include uppercase letters, lowercase letters (az, AZ), numbers (0-9), periods (.), underscores (\_), spaces ( ) or hyphens (-). .
6. Select **the Class** you want to use **.** We offer you to choose 1 of 2 classes including: Basic, Pro.
7. If you choose the **Basic** class , you will not be able to customize the package configuration. If you choose the **Pro** class , you can select retiontion day and choose the desired log size per day configuration by dragging and dropping or entering the desired capacity number in the Log size per day box. use. For more detailed information about class information, see [Log Project Class](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/vmonitor-platform-la-gi/vmonitor-platform-log-la-gi/log-project-class)
8. Select **Buy Log Quota.**
9. Select **Period** if you are a prepaid user. We offer prepayment cycles including: 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months.
10. Select **Continue** and continue performing the steps **to Check out** the shopping cart and after successful payment **Log project** will be created.

We publicize the cost calculation for each log project package on GreenNode's homepage, see [How to calculate fees](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

***

## View Log project quota information <a href="#xem-thong-tin-log-project-quota" id="xem-thong-tin-log-project-quota"></a>

After you initialize the Log project, you can view the Log project package information that you just created by:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select **Log** .
4. The system displays the **Log project** package information that has been created and the actual **usage** you are using of that **Log project** package . You can renew within 7 days before the expiration date of the Log project package or increase the package limit to a higher level by selecting **Renew** or **Increase limit.**

***

## Extend Log project quota <a href="#gia-han-log-project-quota" id="gia-han-log-project-quota"></a>

To **renew** a **Log project** , you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select **Log** .
4. At the Log project package being used, select the icon ![](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/\~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3672463924-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-x-prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FB0NrrrdJdpYOYzRkbWp5%252Fuploads%252FZdlWblK2S3hEJjD7Fjm1%252Fimage.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D8de99894-a975-420f-afb2-6772d1a8eaa6\&width=22\&dpr=4\&quality=100\&sign=6b9b065a\&sv=1)then select **Renew** .
5. Select **Renew** .
6. Select the desired extension period in the Period column. When you select a period, the system will automatically calculate the validity period of the new usage period and the total amount you need to pay for renewing the **Log project package** .
7. Select **Continue** and continue with the steps. **Check out** the shopping cart and after successful payment, **the Log project** will be renewed.

How to calculate the renewal cost for each Log project package is publicized on the homepage of GreenNode, see [How to calculate fees](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

***

## Increase or decrease the Log project quota <a href="#tang-giam-han-muc-log-project-quota" id="tang-giam-han-muc-log-project-quota"></a>

To **increase the limit of** a **Log project** , you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select Log.
4. At the Log project package being used, select the icon ![](https://docs.vngcloud.vn/\~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3672463924-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-x-prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FB0NrrrdJdpYOYzRkbWp5%252Fuploads%252FvyfBd81KPAolelFLhsPk%252Fimage.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D90a7d2a2-9e5b-461d-8c4b-1baf99874c78\&width=22\&dpr=4\&quality=100\&sign=5c83c52e\&sv=1)then select **Resize** .
5. Select the new **Log project class** you want to upgrade. If your log project package is in the Basic class, you can upgrade it to the Pro class. If your log project package is in the Pro package, you can upgrade it to a higher configuration in the same class.
6. Select **Resize.**
7. Select **Continue** and continue with the cart **checkout** steps and after successful payment **the Log project** limit will be increased.

How to calculate the cost of increasing the limit for each Log project package is publicized on the homepage of GreenNode, see [How to calculate fees](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

***

## Delete Log project quota <a href="#xoa-log-project-quota" id="xoa-log-project-quota"></a>

If you do not need to use the created Log project package, we encourage you to delete this Log project package to optimize costs.

To **delete** a **Log project** , you can:

1. Log in to [https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor](https://hcm-3.console.vngcloud.vn/vmonitor) . If you don't have an account, register for free [here](https://register.vngcloud.vn/signup) .
2. **Select the Quota\&Usage** folder .
3. Select **Log** .
4. In the Log project package being used, select **Delete** .
5. At the Log project deletion confirmation screen, select **Delete** .

After you delete the Log project package, the deleted Log project package will disappear from your Log project package list. If your resources are still valid, we will reimburse you for the unused balance via your credit wallet balance. For details on how vMonitor Platform calculates resource chargeback fees, see [How it is calculated](https://docs-vngcloud-vn.translate.goog/vng-cloud-document/v/vn/vmonitor/cach-tinh-phi) .

Because deleting a Log project is potentially risky (resources cannot be restored after deletion), we recommend that you consider carefully before deleting
