English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/load-balancer/monitor-your-load-balancers/README.md, before:

# Monitor your load balancers

Monitoring is essential for any system. In VNG Cloud, you can monitor your vLBs using the vMonitor Platform service.  &#x20;

#### What is the vMonitor Platform?

The vMonitor Platform is a Monitoring as a Service solution that helps you collect health metrics and activity logs for resources on VNG Cloud (or external to VNG Cloud). Additionally, you can create visual dashboards, set up alarms, and send notifications when incidents occur. For more details about this service, please refer to: [vMonitor Platform](https://vngcloud.vn/en/product/vmonitor-platform).

#### Getting Started with Monitoring

To begin using vMonitor Platform, access the **Infrastructure List** section:

* **vLB - Loadbalancer Tab:** View vLB metrics. Refer to "Managing vLB with Infrastructure Host" for descriptions.
* **vLB-Log Tab:** View access logs (for Application Load Balancers) or TCP logs (for Network Load Balancers). Refer to the "vLB-Log" link for details.

#### Related Topics

Learn more about the features and benefits of vLB - Metric and vLB - Log for managing Load Balancer activity through the following articles:

* Metrics
* Logs

Commit message:

Change branding from VNG Cloud to GreenNode

English/vserver/compute-hcm03-1a/load-balancer/monitor-your-load-balancers/README.md, after:

# Monitor your load balancers

Monitoring is essential for any system. In GreenNode, you can monitor your vLBs using the vMonitor Platform service.  &#x20;

#### What is the vMonitor Platform?

The vMonitor Platform is a Monitoring as a Service solution that helps you collect health metrics and activity logs for resources on GreenNode (or external to GreenNode). Additionally, you can create visual dashboards, set up alarms, and send notifications when incidents occur. For more details about this service, please refer to: [vMonitor Platform](https://vngcloud.vn/en/product/vmonitor-platform).

#### Getting Started with Monitoring

To begin using vMonitor Platform, access the **Infrastructure List** section:

* **vLB - Loadbalancer Tab:** View vLB metrics. Refer to "Managing vLB with Infrastructure Host" for descriptions.
* **vLB-Log Tab:** View access logs (for Application Load Balancers) or TCP logs (for Network Load Balancers). Refer to the "vLB-Log" link for details.

#### Related Topics

Learn more about the features and benefits of vLB - Metric and vLB - Log for managing Load Balancer activity through the following articles:

* Metrics
* Logs
