# Feature Limitations

The table below outlines the limitations of vStorage for certain features, please refer for usage.

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="80" data-type="number">No</th><th width="264">Feature</th><th>Limitation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Upload file</td><td><ul><li>The maximum total size of files uploaded by you through the <strong>vStorage Portal</strong> is <strong>20GB</strong>.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Set metadata for a object</td><td><ul><li><p>Allows setting <strong>metadata</strong> with:</p><ul><li>Default key: "Content-Type", "Expires", "Content-Language", "X-Delete-At", "Cache-Control", "Content-Encoding", "X-Robots-Tag".</li><li>Custom key: "X-Container-Meta-Vng-{custom_key}".</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Copy a object</td><td><ul><li>Allows copying <strong>objects</strong> within a <strong>project</strong>.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Move a object</td><td><ul><li>Allows moving <strong>objects</strong> within a <strong>project</strong>.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Create a container</td><td><ul><li><p>When creating a <strong>container</strong>:</p><ul><li>If you create a container through the <strong>vStorage Portal</strong>, the system will create a container with the Storage Class of the container matching the Project Type (Gold, Silver, Archive) of the project you are creating the container from.</li><li>If you create a container through the <strong>vStorage API</strong> or <strong>3rd party software</strong>, the system will create a container with the Storage Class of the container being <strong>Gold</strong> regardless of whether the Project Type of the project you are creating the container from is Gold, Silver or Archive</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Versioning container</td><td><ul><li>A container can only have one <strong>versioning container</strong> at a time if you use the container versioning feature.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>Lifecycle</td><td><ul><li><p>A container can only have one of two types of rules set up: <strong>Expiration</strong> or <strong>Transition</strong> through the vStorage Portal.</p><ul><li><p>For <strong>Transition rules</strong>: You can set up one or more lifecycle rules to move objects if the object is not accessed within N days. Currently, the transition feature only supports:</p><ul><li><strong>Moving objects for postpaid customer accounts.</strong></li><li><strong>Moving objects from Gold containers to Silver containers.</strong></li><li><strong>Moving objects from Gold containers to Archive containers.</strong></li></ul></li><li><p>For <strong>Expiration rule</strong>: You can set up one or more lifecycle rules to delete objects after a certain period of time from the date the object exists on the vStorage system.</p><p>Currently, the expiration feature supports:</p><ul><li><strong>Deleting objects for both prepaid and postpaid customer accounts.</strong></li><li><strong>Deleting objects belonging to Gold containers, Silver containers and Archive containers. (For Archive containers, the minimum number of days that can be used to delete objects is 180 days).</strong></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Archive project</td><td><ul><li>You can only make purchases of the <strong>Archive class</strong> storage plan and initialize containers and delete objects through the <strong>vStorage Portal</strong>. After 24 hours from the time of successfully uploading files to this project, your data will not be deleted until the specified period of at least 6 months has passed. For details, refer to Working with Archive project.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
